# CS210
    For this AirGead Banking application, I had to design a program that would take an initial investment, a monthly investment if any, and the number of years that you would like to see your investment grow based
based on an annual percentage. After prompting the user for each of these inputs, I would then display two different reports. The first report would include the balance after interest is added at the end of each year without additional monthly payments and then another report with the additional monthly payments. I feel like this was a milestone for me, because I really started to grasp how to seperate the classes and understand how they interact in order to do a huge majority of the work outside of the main class keeping it much more clean and readable. I accomplished the actual functionality and the looping was fairly straight forward and simple to execute as the actual logic of the program came together pretty quickly. 
    I will say one thing that I need to work on is the formatting of the code. I feel like their are better ways to make it more appealing for the user and my coding practice was pretty manual instead of using tabs and alignment formatting which should be added in to improve the look. I stil will admit that I need more practice as far as improving the outward appearance of menus and displays. I feel as though being able to plan this project out via a flowchart really allowed me to excel in accomplishing this project fairly quickly compared to others. This is something that I will use much more going forward in order to make sure my work is planned, so I don't lose my own vision or direction halfway through coding it. I feel like this project can be used continuously in everyday life as it's real application can help you plan out how much you can make in real time based on how much you put into the bank. This can be re-ran and re-used continously and the amounts can be changed on each run through making it very user friendly for anyone who would like to use it. 
